the association of snowmobilers
quebec the voice of all snowmobilers
not a customer 88 second round and if
she won the final it was I
right in 2010 you have 3,81 legs and
requests and gold river this year is at
this level that she achieved the feat
nothing less he already has here knows himself
well since it or 20 euros per month
of his seven victories
the little girl do not have young people
households even two boys lose 1
saleen abraham linchet sabrina hello
napo of hope monthelle because since
his illness you are all sick
sabrina first congratulations on your
performance alongside players like
they reacted intelligently to it
comes from where this touches the demand in
speak but there I spoke to you
precisely with jean that
of the physical aspect of the race on
ice cream what are you going to do a
particular training precisely for
able to perform that way north
sas alain gouamené gym workout
the strength of bodybuilding
snowmobile experiences
willingly friends who is wondering
what are you doing in this world
reported to account for acts end
the race
Understanding what if the oversee
international career
consciously lucky to be able to face the
brain of the grand prix goals this
that surrounds us week because there
that's what she did to come
just talk about repeating here here
on it and told me what are you saying
to people who tell you well when
even
an aspect them like this course there is a
historic adam clay is what there is
have people who tell themselves what is
that to 15 young ladies
I will be forgiven for doing this sport
who have little dangerous behind the scenes
yeah that's what they say because I
want my life to change constantly this
year precisely in what state of mind
mingle when when they fly
compete when colloquia are
seasoned these crates is happening
in the size of a small dycker lob
says I do not know how I'll be at
pilots hands like a drop on the
track or in mountain and if tomorrow in
two phase conditions since a certain
weather sébastien delaunay thank you
publicly to be together
dethroning in 1997-98 still wondering
in the coop beyond
year precisely on this fabulous circuit
the map we speak when we think about the
confession where he is what you do is
what there is not already until tomorrow
they say it's not your place and
what do you do answer them
what do you have it will make you
already they look only awakens
win double interface leads in the
category and it is not yours me
I mean what I called you
because I got a little aside
I had the opportunity to try sum of
these machines man has bailed two go
look for concussion lady
Carlier Malian jarjat driving was
equally powerful in acceleration and
extremely difficult things and I am
impressed by what I did I wanted to
to tell you seriously she if the
misfortune capital fire besides at the
end of a day if you can go
walk the chip when there is more
activity on the ice ring
it's incredible considering from above it's a
nice gray surface is your problem
in reality there are furrows there are
dales it's amazing how the
track deteriorates throughout the day
and I must think that it is proven
there from ss to brax in the world a little
but I wish you the best of
bad people adrian is the association
Snowmobilers quebec
the voice of all snowmobilers